We have a solution to illegal logging in rainforests.
70% OF RAINFOREST LOGGING IS ILLEGAL — UNITED NATIONS
DEFORESTATION IS ONE OF THE LEADING CAUSES OF CLIMATE CHANGE — UNITED NATIONS
This is what illegal logging looks like.
Though it may seem like a small operation,
in actuality, up to 90% of the rainforest logging that occurs worldwide every year is illegal.
And year after year, despite many global efforts, it's accelerating rapidly.
But how is this possible?
It's possible, because today, illegal loggers have virtually no risk of ever being caught.
This current state-of-the-art in detection is satellite surveillance,
but with satellites, the updates are so infrequent,